REQUIREMENT

Minimum 5/7 years of Experience

Participate in the design, deployment, and continuous improvement of cloud infrastructures on the AWS ecosystem.
Manage and automate infrastructure through tools like Terraform and Terragrunt.
Implement and maintain EKS Kubernetes clusters with Karpenter and work on solutions related to the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF).
Monitor and optimize system performance using tools like Datadog.
Guarantee the scalability of architectures.
Ensure an active technological watch on open source solutions and propose innovations to anticipate market developments.

Strong knowledge of the AWS ecosystem and associated tools (S3, EC2, EKS, Karpenter, Transit Gateway, Direct Connect, etc.).
Advanced skills on Terraform, Terragrunt and Kubernetes.
Proven experience in high-volume environments
o Information Technology
• Skills
o Amazon EKS
o Cloud Infrastructure
o Datadog
o DevOps
o Amazon S3
o Connect Direct
o Kubernetes
o Amazon EC2
o Terraform
o Terragrunt
o Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Screening questions
Required qualifications
• Are you legally authorized to work in France?
• How many years of work experience do you have with monitoring and optimizing system performance using tools like Datadog ?
• How many years of work experience do you have with Terragrunt ?
• How many years of work experience do you have with AWS ecosystem and associated tools (S3, EC2, EKS, Karpenter, Transit Gateway, Direct Connect, etc.) ?
• How many years of work experience do you have with Kubernetes?
• Are you comfortable working in a hybrid setting?
• How many years of work experience do you have with Amazon Web Services (AWS)?
• How many years of work experience do you have as a DevOps / SRE Engineer ?
• How many years of work experience do you have with design, deployment, and continuous improvement of cloud infrastructures on the AWS ecosystem ?
• How many years of work experience do you have to manage and automate infrastructure through tools like Terraform and Terragrunt ?
• How many years of work experience do you have with Implementing and maintaining EKS Kubernetes clusters with Karpenter ?
• How many years of work experience do you have with working on solutions related to the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) ?


=====
Prometheus and Grafana
splunk
Datadogs
nagios
fluentd
opentelemetry for tracing
Dynatrace
